Bingjian, didn’t you promise me not to do extreme things?
God Bingjian, you put all your doctors in for this kind of man.
Do you know? Sister-in-law, you are in your eyes again.
How are things going?
The subordinates have already called the police. The police will be back soon,
Variants will also assist in the investigation. Will cooperate with the police.
Investigate Shengdong, Dangerous and Touduye.
We must get to the bottom of the misunderstanding and take back the shogunate.
Save them all for me. No one dares to touch my family and still have all their ears.
Regardless of the nature of the person, is it not necessary to do so much housework? Nong Fei
But I was almost killed by you
You said this is a family matter Ningzhu
How anxious is Yun Qi?
I also know